# ManyDaughters Code Checking

## Project Description
This project is designed to automate the process of downloading and executing STATA do-files, in order to check for potential errors during execution and for computational reproducibility of analysis results, and provides feedback by uploading checking results and logfiles to an AWS bucket. It consists of twelve main applications: download_app_5.py, stata_runner_app_5.py, log_process_app_5.py, repro_checker_app_5.py, upload_app_5.py, download_app_95.py, stata_runner_app_95.py, log_process_app_95.py, repro_checker_app_95.py, censoring_app_95.py, feedback_app.py, and upload_app_95.py.

## Project Structure
```
.env
.gitignore
download_app_5.py
stata_runner_app_5.py
log_process_app_5.py
repro_checker_app_5.py
upload_app_5.py
download_app_95.py
stata_runner_app_95.py
log_process_app_95.py
repro_checker_app_95.py
censoring_app_95.py
feedback_app.py
upload_app_95.py
log/
ManyDaughters_RT_AnalysisPackage/
    code/
        checked/
        examples/
    data/
        derived/
        raw/
    log/
        censored/
        lib/
        uploaded/
ManyDaughters_PC_AnalysisPackage_95/
    code/
        checked/
        examples/
    data/
        derived/
        raw/
    log/
        censored/
        lib/
        uploaded/
requirements.txt
```

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Virtual environment (optional but recommended)
- Stata 17 (or compatible version)

## Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. Create a virtual environment and activate it:
    ```sh
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```
3. Install the required packages:
    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
4. Create a [`.env`](.env ) file in the root directory with the following content:
    ```
    GITHUB_ManyDaughters_PAT=your_github_personal_access_token
    S3_Access_Key_ID=your_aws_access_key_id
    S3_Secret_Access_Key=your_aws_secret_access_key
    ```

## Applications

### Download App 5% (`download_app_5.py`)

This application downloads `.do` files from a specified AWS S3 bucket to check for computational reproducibility with the 5% data sample.

#### Usage

```sh
python download_app_5.py
```

### Stata Runner App 5% (`stata_runner_app_5.py`)

This application executes the downloaded `.do` files on the 5%-sample using Stata and moves the generated log files to a local directory.

#### Usage

```sh
python stata_runner_app_5.py
```

### Log Process App 5% (`log_process_app_5.py`)

This application processes the log files generated by the Stata Runner App for the 5% data sample, i.e. identifies errors and creates a summary of errors in the first lines of the log files, and moves the processed log files to a designated directory.

#### Usage

```sh
python log_process_app_5.py
```

### Repro Checker App 5% (`repro_checker_app_5.py`)

This application compares the results of the executed `.do` files with the original results to check for computational reproducibility with the 5% data sample.

#### Usage

```sh
python repro_checker_app_5.py
```

### Upload App 5% (`upload_app_5.py`)

This application uploads results of the computational reproducibility test on the 5%-sample and corresponding log files to a specified AWS S3 bucket.

#### Usage

```sh
python upload_app_5.py
```

### Download App 95% (`download_app_95.py`)

This application downloads `.do` files from a specified AWS S3 bucket to test for error-free executability on the 95% data sample.

#### Usage

```sh
python download_app_95.py
```

### Stata Runner App 95% (`stata_runner_app_95.py`)

This application executes the downloaded `.do` files on the 95% data sample using Stata and moves the generated log files to a local directory.

#### Usage

```sh
python stata_runner_app_95.py
```

### Log Process App 95% (`log_process_app_95.py`)

This application processes the log files generated by the Stata Runner App for the 95% data sample, i.e. identifies errors and creates a summary of errors in the first lines of the log files, censors sensitive information, and moves the processed log files to a designated directory.

#### Usage

```sh
python log_process_app_95.py
```

### Repro Checker App 95% (`repro_checker_app_95.py`)

This application compares the results of the executed `.do` files with the original results to check for computational reproducibility with the 95% data sample.

#### Usage

```sh
python repro_checker_app_95.py
```

### Censoring App 95% (`censoring_app_95.py`)

This application processes the log files generated by the Stata Runner App for the 95% data sample, censors sensitive information, and moves the processed log files to a designated directory.

#### Usage

```sh
python censoring_app_95.py
```

### Feedback App (`feedback_app.py`)

This application processes the log files generated by the Stata Runner App, censors sensitive information, and moves the processed log files to a designated directory.

#### Usage

```sh
python feedback_app.py
```

### Upload App 95% (`upload_app_95.py`)

This application uploads the processed log files to a specified AWS S3 bucket.

#### Usage

```sh
python upload_app_95.py
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. You are free to:

- Share: copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt: remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.

Under the following terms:

- Attribution: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

For more details, see the [LICENSE] file.
